---
title: About me
---

**software**

Harold Carr is the architect of InfiniBand usage in WebLogic Server at
Oracle.  He is also responsible for SOAP Web Service Technology at
[Oracle](http://oracle.com/) (a position he also held at Sun Microsystems). He designed the
pluggable transports, the asynchronous client and service APIs, and
streaming I/O used in Oracle's SOAP stack.  He also lead the
consolidation of Oracle's three SOAP stacks down to one centering on
the Sun SOAP stack (aka Metro).

Previous to this role he was responsible for RMI-IIOP load-balancing
and fail-over in the GlassFish Application Server. He designed the
core architecture used in Sun's CORBA ORB and in Sun's JAX-WS 2.0
implementation and the scalable socket communications architecture
(aka Grizzly) used in GlassFish HTTP and IIOP. He helped write the OMG
Portable Object Adapter specification and was chairperson of the OMG
Portable Interceptor specification.

Previous to Oracle and Sun, Harold worked on distributed Lisp and C++
with Hewlett-Packard Research Laboratories and Schlumberger Research
Laboratories, was Chief Architect of Visual Lisp technology at
Autodesk, and was a logic simulation consultant for Cirrus Logic. He
holds a Ph.D., in Computer Science from the University of Utah.

Vita: [html](http://haroldcarr.net/computerScience/cs-vita.html)  [pdf](http://haroldcarr.net/computerScience/cs-vita.pdf)

**music, poetry**

Harold Carr (acoustic and electric bass) has performed and recorded
with numerous artists such as Bobby McFerrin, Crystal Gayle, Lightnin'
Hopkins, John McCuen, Steve Lacy, Catie Curtis and Matt Flinner.  He
has published three books of poetry: <em>Wekwomteks</em>, <em>Being
Time</em> and <em>Where You Were</em>. Harold has been a
musician/poet-in-residence at the Banff Centre for the Arts in Canada,
guest soloist at the Frutillar Music Festival in Chile,
composer/soloist with the Guangdong Modern Dance Company in Guang
Zhou, China, invited poet for the Utah State Governor and commissioned
composer/performer at New Music America. He has worked with the
Windolls Theatre of Images in Colombia, Hong Kong, San Francisco and
Seattle. He has been a member of a number of popular Utah-based bands
such as [The Cowdaddies](http://cowdaddies.com/), The
Jarman/Kingston Quartet, Amnesia and Wood.  He currently works with
[blue haiku](http://www.bluehaiku.com),
[Red Rock Rondo](http://redrockrondo.com/),
[The Emily Merrell Group](http://www.emilymerrell.com/), the Mark
Chaney Trio and Good Grass.

**elsewhere on the web**

-   [haroldcarr.com](http://haroldcarr.com) : technology blog

-   [haroldcarr.org](http://haroldcarr.org) : life, music, poetry, hiking, &#x2026; blog

-   [java.net blog](https://www.java.net//blogs/haroldcarr/)

-   [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/haroldcarr)

-   [G+](https://plus.google.com/u/0/113403576113555074756/posts/p/pub)

-   [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/harold.carr)

-   [GitHub](https://github.com/haroldcarr)

-   [Twitter](http://twitter.com/haroldcarr)
